UCB Thesis Class Version 3.6, 2019-07-19

Copyright (C) 1988-2019 Daniel Gildea, BBF, Ethan Munson, Paul Vojta.

This is a class file for producing Ph.D. dissertations and masters theses
conforming to the documents "Dissertation Filing Guide" and "Thesis
Filing Guide" produced by the UC Berkeley Graduate Division and available
on the web at <https://grad.berkeley.edu/academic-progress/>.
This class is currently based on the dissertation and thesis guides,
accessed in July 2019.

This class is a fork of the UCTHESIS document class (which is still being
maintained for use with older theses, but which should not be used for
new theses).  This document class is based on the standard LaTeX MEMOIR
class (instead of the REPORT class, which is used by UCTHESIS).

This package may be distributed and/or modified under the conditions of
the LaTeX Project Public License, either version 1.3 of this license or
any later version. The latest version of this license is in
http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt and version 1.3 or later is part
of all distributions of LaTeX version 2005/12/01 or later.

This package has the LPPL maintenance status `maintained'.

The Current Maintainer of this package is Paul Vojta.

This package consists of the files README (this file), ucbthesis.cls,
ucbthesis.tex, ucbthesis.pdf, thesis.tex, abstract.tex, chap1.tex,
chap2.tex, and references.bib.

INSTALLATION:

Put the file ucbthesis.cls in the latex folder of an appropriate texmf
tree, generally in a directory TEXMF/tex/latex/ucbthesis (where TEXMF is
the base of the texmf tree).

Put the files README, ucbthesis.tex, and ucbthesis.pdf in a
similarly-named directory under the documentation directory, generally
TEXMF/doc/latex/ucbthesis, and put the remaining files thesis.tex,
abstract.tex, chap1.tex, chap2.tex, and references.bib in a subdirectory
named example within that directory (generally
TEXMF/doc/latex/ucbthesis/example).

Report bugs, problems, or questions to Paul Vojta <vojta@math.berkeley.edu>.
